[Music]
hey still opens well it's your lucky day
I can't believe this stuff people throw
away John River cleanup that's why we're
here
I think people have for people to go
swimming here again maybe in a few years
hmm if you're a tree what kind of tree
would you be I don't know I never
thought about it I think I'd be a bonsai
those little potted trees that they all
look like they would torture yeah
they're so interesting very unusual
where do you get this stuff oh I just
want to be prepared when I become a
famous actress I'm gonna have to go on
all those talk shows and they always ask
questions like that oh you're trying the
positive approach
you don't think I'm nervous for that
audition do you of course not you're so
interesting and unusual and talented
they'll be begging you to join the
theater company oh they will did I tell
you they have a full-time director the
practically semi-professional for the
best youth company in the city I just
have to get in I've done so much we
better get over there Amanda oh I'd love
to tell them what we're doing here slack
they are from school no it's not our
mess but we're the ones cleaning it up
it's Kalin
[Music]
she's drowning
I need a mystic or a room or something
[Music]
I see her I see her
this ring
[Music]
[Applause]
take it
[Music]
I'm coming
[Applause]
she was in trouble I had to save her
weren't you afraid actually I was more
afraid of her drifting downstream how
did you know what to do swimming lessons
we did CPR about the mouth life-saving I
never thought I'd need it
IV low hoo-ha if it wasn't for her I'll
never be able to thank you enough is he
so kind of me you're a very lucky girl I
know I should have been more careful
around the water I don't swim at all I
mean I'm okay in the shallow end of the
pool but I don't do the crawl or
anything
maybe the what happened how did you end
up in the river
oh it was a total accident this is big
piece of plastic in the water I thought
I could beach if I were out in this dead
tree
yeah next time I wear a wetsuit hey was
that seaweed in your teeth Samir tragedy
averted by busy Ramon's heroic action
this is Mary Morehouse on the banks of
the dawn river thank goodness he had all
those swimming lessons I'm glad I wasn't
there I would have been so frightened
for you mom dad I'm here and I what was
a teacher when all this was happening he
was further down supervising the cleanup
whatever happened to field trips to the
museum huh father taking care of the
environment yeah busy saves the planet
you couldn't pay me to jump in that
River it wasn't that bad
I was cold I was barely in it Caitlin
was freezing though do you know her the
girl you rescued she's in a couple of my
classes well you saw something that
needed doing and you did it how many
people would these days
you don't know how special you are and
don't encourage her hey I can compliment
my daughter if I want we saw you on the
news last night yeah I look like a
drowned rat no no Stephen said you
looked really courageous what'd your mom
say oh well you are amazing but she'd
kill me I've ever tried anything like
that did you see me I was in the
background right behind you but I went
by so fast oh well we can watch it again
I have it on tape busy this is for you
you don't have to give me anything it's
no big deal go ahead open it
Thanks I love this color
turn it around John River rescue uh I
feel sort of funny wearing this oh hi
you should be proud of what he did I am
it's just I'll never forget you saved my
life
never nicely I can get one minute for
you two
oh that's okay so I'll see you around
sure it's kind of weird I'll say I don't
believe it
what Carlos Levinsky is auditioning for
the teen company as well why can't she
just do something different like I don't
know tap dancing what's that calling
about the rescue every time you hear
about a bad cave remind yourself about
this make it fizz even though I should
start a scrapbook excuse me would you
mind if I just sit and bask in your
reflected glory for a minute hmm hmm do
you have any sunscreen I hear the UV
index is pretty high today
seriously no it was amazing action Ramon
maybe you're an eel do a comic book
about you someone's doing a comic book
about us he's joking that's a great idea
we could be superheroes right in the
comic book we could fall into this toxic
waste no the Don River is toxic waste
and our molecular structure could have
been altered to give us super powers and
now we fight injustice everywhere it's
been done
the funny thing is busy I do feel
different ever since and rescued me you
do different how it's like I'm starting
over like every new day is this
wonderful surprise
hey guys I want to do a story with the
Don River thing for the school paper
yeah great every little bit helps but we
could do a lot more to help the river I
mean if we stopped using laundry
detergent wouldn't the stories about the
rescue of course right um maybe you
could mention something about the
cleanup as well sure house after school
today it's good why don't you do the
color commentary she was right there but
I can't have garden ready she was on the
Sun when it itself exploded and whirled
in a great storm until the planets came
to be thank you very much number 12
please sim I saved you a seat
Thanks so professional what are you
doing for your audition Oh
Tennessee Williams streetcar named
desire bringing I heard the director
preferred Shakespeare that was quite the
excitement yesterday yeah it was yeah
well I don't have much time for Ramone
to begin with but getting sucked in by
Caitlin is really dumb even for her
Bizzy saved her life
Yeah right in Kaitlyn's eyes are blue
they are blue wrong I've known her since
first grade in their Brown she wears
colored contact lenses well lots of
people do yeah well there's nothing you
could say that would make her admitted
her eyes are blue end of story
weird I wouldn't have anything to do
with her she'd have worn you t-shirt I
forgot a little closer together like
this
I don't hey it's your 15 minutes enjoy
Wild West
mr. ten limit Andy Warhol said
everyone's famous for 15 minutes Missy
Genesee go to Dorsey who was an artist
in New York are you finished at my
here's one more great thank you
wait maybe we could do reenactment sure
I'll just get a bucket of water and an
umbrella again a bucket I see you in The
Wizard of Oz yes it was an experimental
production bet you don't say what role
you play I was the tornado very creative
so why do you want to be with this
company and Amanda because I would like
to learn from the best from
professionals of course but what do you
think you'll get out of acting well I
love being somebody else it's fun to
find out how they think how they move
how they speak I just do that too but
nobody watches them um I guess I need an
audience
we all do if we're being honest so do
you want to hear my monologue now you're
a performer all right yes I would and
how did you go old you got gold honey
away fitness test is useless come on
it's right mom you're not in shape I've
been walking go for it all right don't
blame me if your back or something oh
you're just afraid I'll show you up
ready set go
hi Derek you're cold they got us mixed
up they put I hate you what Oh dairy
paired the yogurt company they want to
give us a good Samaritan award are you
serious
guess what the award is I have no idea
it's a medal and a trip to Walt Disney
World
[Music]
who says it's reward for saving me I get
to come - oh come I was doing my best
for the environment when the accident
happened if I could give me a hand up
[Music]
Hank isolation you must be Kaitlyn I'm
bizzy's mom hi how'd this happen the
president of the company saw the news
last night
and he told my mom they'd like to
promote responsible behavior why doesn't
Kaitlyn stay for dinner would you like -
I'd love to
it's so exciting isn't it funny how
things just happen like we didn't even
know each other and now we have like
this incredible connection one
connection we you've heard that saying
when someone saves someone's life they
become responsible forever
excuse me it should not be the other way
around no just try to stay out of
trouble then okay so do you want to
check out some burgers I think the show
starts tomorrow good point
busy more fabulous news I brain stirs to
be on Team extreme tomorrow after school
the talk show yeah the one where they
asked you if you've never been out with
the best friend's boyfriend things like
that channels
anyways I can't do it tomorrow I've
already made plans but you have to go
don't worry about it you know we can do
that another time I'll check you later I
don't I kind of feel funny going on a
show like that oh this is a totally
different kind of show for them it's why
it's so important hi I guess what Amanda
you've got to help me convince busy they
want us to go on team Xtreme oh that
could be fun
hey I'll talk about how you have an
absence from happening and you tell them
what to do what happens if we just save
one life it'll be worth it
well I'll think about it and who's had
your addition go oh I almost forgot
I gave you some my pamphlets here so you
can figure it we're gonna do every day
on her trip Thanks
[Music]
so how do you think this would look on
TV maybe you should ask your media
consultant I'm sure she has something
that'll match your t-shirt she has a bit
intense isn't she Carla says she's a
liar and she wouldn't trust her an inch
since when do you take Carla's word for
anything well what do you know about
Kaitlyn really not much but I saved her
life
just watch out that's awful I can't
ignore her after something like that
watch out for what we'll take a look at
why you're doing all this what is your
problem
I think you're letting this hero
business go to your head and I think you
can't stand to be on the sidelines it's
not true then why do you want to be an
actor look I know you Amanda
if you were to rescued Kaitlyn you'd
want to get as much attention out of it
as you could the new ride sounds like
it's the best journey brothers or
sisters nope
when my parents said that I was gifted
they decided to devote themselves to me
dude in what chess really we should play
sometime I'm pretty good I don't play
competitively anymore hot off the cop
here check out the front page
yeah great photo great article if you
say so yourself I'm too scared to read
it I look like a goof oh I was meaning
to speak to you about that maybe you
could do another article about the
public response to the rescue there's
our trip and the guest appearances sorry
but the next student spotlights already
booked Carl and Amanda were both
accepted to the tarragon theatre team
comfy it's great isn't it
you know busy athlete v19 extreme there
are other places we can talk to a couple
radio shows maybe we could give talks in
schools whoa I'm not planning a career
out of this or anything
see you later aren't you gonna sit with
us I have to talk to monk ears about
something I'm not doing this for myself
you know we have a responsibility I
[Music]
would never play we're gonna do I hope
it's a musical congratulations you guys
I knew you could do it thanks
as if you wouldn't get in right come on
we're gonna go celebrate at the lake
just don't rescue anyone give it a rest
Carla what could happen at the lake to
you oh who knows I'm gonna choke on a
french fry I'll meet you there
bye Kaitlin listen I'm not really
comfortable about being on TV
you already we're on the nude yeah but
not the liberal thing I mean we wanted
to that stage right here our musician
you're used to it it's not stage fright
and I don't want to do it's an
experiment or what you have to
I just I don't like talking about myself
so much would've helped me you have no
right to take this away from me I'm not
taking anything away from you she'd
still be nobody if I hadn't done what I
did
excuse me what did you do except almost
drown I didn't hello I was there I
pulled you out of the water I can swim
what you made me risk my life for
nothing I never in any danger why would
you do that
the TV crew was there I always wanted to
be on TV
[Music]
something more will put a half yeah well
it didn't look the rescues been good for
both of us I'm gonna make this last as
long as I can yeah but you can count me
out if you don't come to the interview
I'm gonna confess on TV that it was your
idea to fake the whole thing it's your
call
[Music]
I feel I need to tell everyone the truth
I can't believe she put you in this
situation we were on television our
pictures were in the paper what if
everyone believes I did it for the
attention well they won't if they know
you but I did like the attention mom and
everything that went with it yes but you
didn't set out to get it that's a big
difference between you and Caitlyn I'm
so mad at her and what am I supposed to
do about the trip but why should I give
it up just cuz she's dishonest I deserve
it even if she doesn't it's hard but I'm
not gonna tell you what to do honey you
have to make a decision that you can
live with it was good to be a hero
[Music]
my mom's driving us to the studio after
school so I'll meet you by the parents
I'm not going are you stupid or what
we've got a good thing going this is a
good thing
faking and lying I feel it I said I'll
be sorry
no I won't you it doesn't matter to you
this is the most important thing that's
ever happened to me it's not real why
bother without the hero there there is
no story
[Music]
hi your mom said you were here
looks a lot cleaner from up here you did
a good job so why weren't you one teen
extreme 15 minutes right you actually
watched the show well yeah I thought you
were gonna be on I ended up watching the
whole thing I'm so weird so why weren't
you on cuz Kaitlyn faked the whole thing
what she can't swim oh I knew it I knew
something was strained with her I feel
like such an idiot well you shouldn't
you thought you were saving someone from
drowning
doesn't matter what Kaitlyn did you're
still a hero too bad about the trip
you're not going I'm getting the tickets
back did you tell them what really
happened
I had to we don't deserve to go you do I
did the right thing hmm well it's nice
to know I can depend on you if I ever
need saving
[Music]
so what was the show instead of us oh
I've got this woman she was a petty
psychic
yeah okay
what did she do find lost dogs
no no she went there right no I'm
serious
she could tell over the phone that this
one guy's pet Dalmatian was depressed
and how to do that
as much as I can
so was he depressed about
[Music]
to friends
he didn't like me much
[Music]